---
title: 引用のまとめ
author: kazu634
date: 2007-12-10
url: /2007/12/11/_727/
wordtwit_post_info:
  - 'O:8:"stdClass":13:{s:6:"manual";b:0;s:11:"tweet_times";i:1;s:5:"delay";i:0;s:7:"enabled";i:1;s:10:"separation";s:2:"60";s:7:"version";s:3:"3.7";s:14:"tweet_template";b:0;s:6:"status";i:2;s:6:"result";a:0:{}s:13:"tweet_counter";i:2;s:13:"tweet_log_ids";a:1:{i:0;i:3433;}s:9:"hash_tags";a:0:{}s:8:"accounts";a:1:{i:0;s:7:"kazu634";}}'
categories:
  - 修論
  - 英文学

---
<div class="section">
<p>
    　これまでの引用したい部分をまとめてみました。
</p>
  
<p>
<a name="seemore"></a><br />
</p>
  
<h4>
<i><a href="http://d.hatena.ne.jp/asin/1406556602" onclick="__gaTracker('send', 'event', 'outbound-article', 'http://d.hatena.ne.jp/asin/1406556602', 'Peter Simple');">Peter Simple</a></i>
</h4>
  
<h5>
    Circumstances
</h5>
  
<blockquote>
<p>
      It has been from time immemorial the heathenish custom to sacrifice the greatest fool of the family to the prosperity and naval superiority of the country, and, at the age of fourteen, I was selected as the victim.~(1)
</p>
</blockquote>
  
<h5>
    Meta Narrative
</h5>
  
<blockquote>
<p>
      But as my story is not a very short one, I must not dwell too long on its commencement.~(2)
</p>
</blockquote>
  
<blockquote>
<p>
      When I first went to sea, I promised my mother that I would keep a journal of what passed, with my reflection upon it. To this promise I rigidly adhered, and since I have been my own master, these journals have remained in my possession. In writing, therefore, the early part of my adventures, everything is stated as it was impressed on my mind at the time. Upon many points I have since had reason to form a different opinion from that which is recorded, and upon many others I have since laughed heartily at my folly and simplicity; but still, I have thought it advisable to let the ideas of the period remain, rather than correct them by those dear-bought experience. A boy of fifteen, brought up in a secluded country town, cannot be expected to reason and judge as a young man who has seen much of life, and passed through a variety of adventures. The reader must therefore remember, that I have referred to my journal for the opinions and feelings which guided me between each distinct anniversary of my existence.~(80-1)
</p>
</blockquote>
  
<h5>
    Initiation
</h5>
  
<blockquote>
<ol>
<li>
        Peter SimpleはCaptain Savageは怖ろしい人と脅される。
</li>
<li>
        Captainと面会
</li>
<li>
        かつがれていることがわかる
</li>
<li>
        以下の引用 <ol>
<li>
            Now I have a little advice to offer you. In the first place, obey your superior officers without hesitation; it is for me, not you, to decide whether an order is unjust or not. In the next place, never swear or drink spirits. [\ldots] In the meantime, as I had some little insight into your character when we travelled together, let me recommend you not to be too intimate at first sight with those you meet, or you may be led into indiscretions.~(14)
</li>
</ol>
</li>
      
<li>
        侮辱されていると考え、duelすることに。実は先輩たちに試されていた。
</li>
<li>
        They then told me that they all belonged to the same ship that I did, and that they were glad to see that I could stand fire, for the captain was a terrible fellow for cutting-out and running under the enemy&#8217;s batteries.~(16)
</li>
</ol>
</blockquote>
  
<blockquote>
<p>
      When the midshipmen went down below, they all shook hands with me, and said that I was a good fellow for not peaching; but, as for the advice of the captain that they should not practise upon me, as he termed it, they forgot that, for they commenced again immediately, and never left off until they found that I was not to be deceived any longer.~(32)
</p>
</blockquote>
  
<blockquote>
<p>
      &#8220;I know that very well,&#8221; replied he; &#8220;All fathers do the same when their son leave them; it&#8217;s a matter of course. Now observe, Peter; it&#8217;s out of regard to you that your messmates have been eating tarts at your expense. You disobeyed your father&#8217;s injunctions before you had been a month from home; and it is to give you a lesson that may be useful in after-life, that they have considered it their duty to order the tarts I trust that it will not be thrown away upon you. Go to the woman, pay your bill, and never run up another.&#8221;~(39)
</p>
</blockquote>
  
<blockquote>
<p>
      Many of them said that they had seen plenty of men, but did not exactly mine; some laughed, and called me a greenhorn.~(39)
</p>
</blockquote>
  
<h5>
    Didactic
</h5>
  
<blockquote>
<p>
      He [Captain Savage] listened to my whole story very attentively, and I thought tht occasionally there was a smile upon his face, although he bit his lips to prevent it. When I had finished, he said, &#8220;Mr. Simple, I can no longer trust you on the shore until you are more experienced in the world. I shall desire my coxswain not to lose sight of you until you are safe on board of the frigade. When you have sailed a few months with me, you will then be able to decide whether I deserve the character which the young gentlemen have painted, with, I must say, I believe, the sole intention of practising upon your inexperience.~(18-9)
</p>
</blockquote>
  
<blockquote>
<p>
      O&#8217;Brien came to me on the seventh morning, and said, that if I did not exert myself I never should get well; that he was very fond of me and had taken me under his protection, and, to prove his regard, he would do for me what he would not take the trouble to do for any other youngster in the ship, which was to give me a good basting, which was a sovereign remedy for sea-sickness.~(59)
</p>
    
<p>
      If this was kindness from O&#8217;Brien, what had I to expect from those who were not partial to me? But, by degrees, I recovered myself, and certainly felt a great deal better, and that night I slept very soundly.~(59)
</p>
    
<p>
      [&#8220;]Live and larn[sic], boy, and thank Heaven that you&#8217;ve found somebody who loves you well enough to baste you when it&#8217;s good for your health.~(60)
</p>
</blockquote>
  
<blockquote>
<p>
      There certainly is something in the life of a sailor which enlarges the mind. When I was at home six months before, I allowed other people to think for me, and acted wholly on the leading &#8212; string of their suggestions; on board, to the best of my ability, I thought for my self.~(81)
</p>
</blockquote>
  
<blockquote>
<p>
      And here we had an instance showing how very important it is that a captain of a man-of-war should be a good sailor, and have his ship in such discipline as to be strictly obeyed by his ships company. I heard the officers unanimously assert, after the danger was over, that nothing but the presence of mind which was shown by Captain Savage could have saved the ship and her crew.~(92)
</p>
</blockquote>
  
<blockquote>
<p>
      They [officers] knew that they could trust to the captain, as far as skill or courage could avail them, and sailors are too sanguine to despair, even at the last moment.~(97)
</p>
</blockquote>
  
<blockquote>
<p>
      The consequence of any carelessness or neglect in the fitting and securing of the rigging, will be felt now; and this danger, if we escaped it, ought to remind us how much we have to answer for if we neglect our duty. The lives of a whole ship&#8217;s company may be sacrificed by the neglect or incompetence of an officer when in harbour. I will pay you the compliment, Falcon, to say, that I feel convinced that the masts of the ships are as secure as knowledge and attention can make them.~(98)
</p>
</blockquote>
  
<blockquote>
<p>
      &#8220;You&#8217;ve right there, Peter,&#8221; replied he: &#8220;but there&#8217;s a certain jewel called Hope, that somebody found at the bottom of his chest, when he was clean empty, and so we must not lose sight of it, but try and escape as soon as we can; but the less we talk about it the better.&#8221;~(129)
</p>
</blockquote>
  
<blockquote>
<p>
      [\ldots] at the time I entered the service, and every one considered me to be the fool of the family, Mr Chucks and O&#8217;Brien were the only two who thought of and treated me differently; and it was their conduct which induced me to apply myself and encouraged me to exertion. I believe that many a boy, who, if properly patronised, would turn out well, is, by the injudicious system of browbeating and ridicule, forced into the wrong path, and, in his despair, throws away all self-confidence, and allows himself to be carried away by the stream to perdition.~(239)
</p>
</blockquote>
  
<blockquote>
<p>
      [\ldots] so you see, Peter, a good action has its reward sometimes in this world, and a bad action also, seeing as how I&#8217;ve shot that confounded villain who dared to ill-use you.~(416)
</p>
</blockquote>
  
<h5>
    Honesty
</h5>
  
<blockquote>
<p>
      I was standing at the gangway, looking at the crowd of boats, when a black-locking fellow in one of the wherries said to me, &#8220;I say, sir, let me slip in at the port, and I have a very nice present to make you&#8221;; and he displayed a gold seal, which he held up to me. I immediately ordered the sentry to keep him further off, for I was very much affronted at his supposing me capable of being bribed to disobey my orders.~(56)
</p>
</blockquote>
  
<blockquote>
<p>
      I turned over to the Acts of the Apostles, and commenced the chapter in which Ananias and Sapphira were struck dead. When I had finished, he [the captain] observed very seriously. &#8220;That is a very good lesson for young people, Peter, and points out that you never swerve from the truth. Recollect, as your motto, Peter, to `tell truth and shame the devil.&#8217;\&#8221;
</p>
</blockquote>
  
<h5>
    Self-Sacrifice
</h5>
  
<blockquote>
<p>
      And here I must observe, that O&#8217;Brien showed great presence of mind in spiking the last gun; for had they had one gun to fire at our boats to wing out the prizes, they must have done a great deal of mischief to them, and we should have lost a great many men; but in so doing, and in the attempt to save me, he sacrificed himself, and was taken prisoner.~(122)
</p>
</blockquote>
  
<blockquote>
<p>
      &#8220;I am better now, O&#8217;Brien,&#8221; replied I, &#8220;how much I am indebted to you: you have made prisoner in trying to save me.&#8221;
</p>
    
<p>
      &#8220;I have been made prisoner in doing my duty, in one shape or another.[&#8221;]~(123)
</p>
</blockquote>
  
<p>
</p>
  
<h5>
    ideas of honour
</h5>
  
<blockquote>
<p>
      Indeed, I very much doubt whether it would have been permitted in our country, but the French officers are almost romantically chivalrous in their ideas of honour; in fact, as enemies, I have always considered them as worthy antagonists to the English, and they appear more respectable in themselves, and more demanding our goodwill in that situation, than they do when we meet them as friends, and are acquainted with the other points of their character, which lessen them in our estimation.~(139)
</p>
</blockquote>
  
<h5>
    Homecoming
</h5>
  
<blockquote>
<p>
      the next evening I arrived safe home. But I shall leave the reader to imagine the scene: to my mother I was always dear, and circumstances had rendered me of some importance to my father; for I was now an only son, and his prospects were very different from what they were when I left home.~(175)
</p>
</blockquote>
  
<h5>
    Acceptance
</h5>
  
<p>
    自分の義務を最大限には足したにもかかわらず罰を受け、それでも罰を科したFirst Lieutenant(Mr. Falcon)を弁護するPeter Simple:
</p>
  
<blockquote>
<p>
      In the meantime, O&#8217;Brien had been made acquainted with the occasion of the quarrel, which he did not fail to explain to Mr Falcon, who, O&#8217;Brien declared, &#8220;was not the least bit in the world angry with me for what had occurred.&#8221; Indeed, after that, Mr Falcon always treated me with the greatest kindness, and employed me on every duty which he considered of consequence. He was a sincere friend; for he did not allow me to neglect my duty, but, at the same time, treated me with consideration and confidence.~(194)
</p>
</blockquote>
  
<h5>
    Ideas of courage
</h5>
  
<blockquote>
<p>
      As for seamen, God knows, I should do them an injustice if I did not acknowledge that they were as brave as lions. But there are two kinds of bravery, Mr Simple &#8212; the bravery of the moment, and the courage of bearing up for a long while.~(195)
</p>
</blockquote>
  
<h5>
    deference
</h5>
  
<blockquote>
<p>
      The fact is, Mr Phillot, your language is not quite so correct as I could wish it. I overheard every word that passed, and I consider that you have treated your superior officer with disrespect &#8212; that is, me. I gave permission that the shark should be caught, and with that permission, I consequently allowed those little deviations from the discipline of the service which must inevitably take place. Yet you have thought proper to interfere with my permission, which is tantamount to an order, and have made use of harsh language, and punished the young gentlemen for obeying my injunctions. You will oblige me, sir, by calling them all down, and in restraining your petulance for the future. I will always support your authority when you are correct; but I regret that in this instance you have necessitated me to weaken it.~(226)
</p>
</blockquote>
  
<h5>
    circumstances of the captain
</h5>
  
<blockquote>
<p>
      &#8220;Well, then, Peter, now for my real property. My estate in Kent, let me see, what is the name of it &#8212; Walcot Abbey, my three farms in the Vale of Aylesbury, and the marsh lands in Norfork, I bequeath to my two children aforenamed, the proceeds of the same to be laid up, deducting all necessary expenses for their education, for their sole use and benefit. Is that down?&#8221;
</p>
    
<p>
      [\ldots]
</p>
    
<p>
      I was really astonished. It was well known that Captain Kearney had nothing but his pay, and that it was the hopes of prize-money to support his family, which had induced him to stay out so long in the West Indies. It was laughable; yet I could not laugh: there was a melancholy feeling at such a specimen of insanity, which prevented me.~(259)
</p>
</blockquote>
  
<h5>
    Incompetent captain
</h5>
  
<blockquote>
<p>
      The reader may now ask, &#8220;But where was the captain all this time?&#8221; My answer is, that he was at the capstern, where he stood in silence, not once interfering during the whole action, which was fought by Thompson, the master, and myself. How he looked, or how he behaved in other points during the engagement, I cannot pretend to say, for I had no time to observe him.~(364)
</p>
</blockquote>
  
<blockquote>
<p>
      This did not come with a good grace from one who had done nothing, to those who were working with all their energy.~(364)
</p>
</blockquote>
  
<blockquote>
<p>
      I must here remark, that there is hardly any degree of severity which a captain may not exert towards his seamen, provided they are confident of, or he has proved to them, his courage; but if there be a doubt, or a confirmation to the contrary, all discipline is destroyed by contempt, and the ship&#8217;s company mutiny, either directly or indirectly.~(372-3)
</p>
</blockquote>
  
<h5>
    Official Inquiry
</h5>
  
<blockquote>
<p>
      &#8220;Did you ever, sailing with other captains, receive an order from them to report direct to them, and not through the first lieutenant?&#8221; The witness here prevaricated.
</p>
    
<p>
      &#8220;Answer directly, yes or no.&#8221; &#8212; &#8220;No.&#8221;~(398)
</p>
</blockquote>
  
<h4>
<i><a href="http://d.hatena.ne.jp/asin/0521561639" onclick="__gaTracker('send', 'event', 'outbound-article', 'http://d.hatena.ne.jp/asin/0521561639', 'Notes on Life and Letters');">Notes on Life and Letters</a></i>
</h4>
  
<h5>
    Quotes from &#8220;Tales of the Sea (1898)&#8221;
</h5>
  
<blockquote>
<p>
      It is by his irresistible power to reach the adventurous side in the character, not only of his own but of all nations, that Marryat is largely human. He is the enslaver of youth, not by the literary artifices of presentation, but by the natural glamour of his own temperament. To his young heroes the beginning of life is a splendid and warlike lark, ending at last in inheritance and marriage.~(46)
</p>
</blockquote>
  
<blockquote>
<p>
      To this writer of the sea [Marryat] the sea was not an element. It was a stage, where was displayed an exhibition of valour, and of such achievement as the world had never seen before.~(46)
</p>
</blockquote>
  
<blockquote>
<p>
      History preserves the skeleton of facts and, here and there, a figure or a name; but it is in Marryat&#8217;s novels that we find the mass of the nameless, that we see them in the flesh, that we obtain a glimpse of the everyday life, and an insight into the spirit animating the crowd of obscure men who knew how to build for their country such a shining monument of memories.~(46)
</p>
</blockquote>
  
<blockquote>
<p>
      It [Marryat&#8217;s greatness] is undeniable. To a multitude of readers the navy of to-days is Marryat&#8217;s navy still. He has created a priceless legend. If he be not immortal uet he will last long enough for the highest ambition, because he has dealt manfully with an inspiring phase in the history of that Service on which the life of his country depends. The tradition of the great past he has fixed in his pages will be cherished for ever as the guarantee of the future. He loved his country first, the Service next, the sea perhaps not at all. But the sea loved him without reserve. It gave him his professional distinction and his author&#8217;s fame &#8212; a fame such as not often falls to the lot of a true artist.~(47)
</p>
</blockquote>
  
<blockquote>
<p>
      Perhaps no two authors of fiction influenced so many lives, and gave to so many the initial impulse towards a glorious or a useful career [than Marryat and Cooper]. Through the distances of space and time those two men of another race have shaped also the life of the writer of this appreciation. Life is life, and art is art &#8212; and truth is hard to find in either. Yet in testimony to the achievement of both these authors, it may be said that, in the case of the writer at least, the youthful glamour, the headlong vitality of the one and the profound sympathy, the artistic insight of the other &#8212; to which he had surrendered &#8212; have withstood the brutal shock of facts and the wear of laborious years. He has never regretted his surrender.~(48-9)
</p>
</blockquote>
  
<h4>
    Quotes from &#8220;Tradition&#8221;
</h4>
  
<blockquote>
<p>
      From the hard work of men is born the sympathetic consciousness of a common destiny, the fidelity to right practice which makes great craftsmen, the sense of right conduct which we may call honour, the devotion to our calling and the idealism which is not a misty, winged angel without eyes, but a divine figure of terrestrial aspect with a clear glance and with its feet resting firmly on the earth on which it was born.~(153)
</p>
</blockquote>
  
<blockquote>
<p>
      The enemy, he said, meant by this atrocity to frighten our sailors away from the sea.
</p>
    
<blockquote>
<p>
        &#8220;What has happened?&#8221; he goes on to ask. &#8220;Never at any time in peace have sailors stayed so short a time ashore or shown such a readiness to step again into a ship.&#8221;
</p>
</blockquote>
    
<p>
      which means, in other words, that they answered to the call. I should like to know at what time of history the great body of merchant seamen had failed to answer the call. Noticed or unnoticed, ignored or commended, they have answered invariably the call to do their work the very conditions of which made them what they are. They have always served the nation&#8217;s needs through their own invariable fidelity to the demands of their special life; but with the development and complexity of material civilisation they grew less prominent to the nation&#8217;s eye amongst all the vast schemes of national industry. Never was the need greater and the call to the service more urgent than to-day. And those inconspicuous worker on whose qualities depends so much of the national welfare have answered it without dismay, facing risk without glory, in the perfect faithfulness to that tradition which the speech of the statesman denies to them at the very moment when he thinks fir to praise their courage \ldots and mention his surprise!~(154)
</p>
</blockquote>
  
<blockquote>
<p>
      That was always the clear task, the single aim, the simple ideal, the only problem for an unselfish solution. The terms of it have changed with the years, its risks have worn different aspects from time to time. There are no longer any unexplored seats. Human ingenuity has devised better means to meet the dangers of natural forces. But it is always the same problem. [\ldots] And whatever the shape and power of their ships the character of the duty remains the same. [\ldots] At a greater cost of vital energy, under the well-nigh intolerable stress of vigilance and resolution, they are doing steadily the work of their professional forefathers in the midst of multiplied dangers. They go to and fro across the oceans on their everlasting task: the same men, the same stout hearts, the same fidelity to an exacting tradition created by simple toilers who in their time knew how to live and die at sea.~(155)
</p>
</blockquote>
  
<blockquote>
<p>
      Without looking at all at the aspects of the labour problem I can safely affirm that I have never, never seen British seamen refuse any risk, any exertion, any effort of spirit or body up to the extremest demands of their calling. Years ago, it seems ages ago, I have seen the crew of a British ship fight the fire in the cargo for a whole sleepless week and then, with her decks blown up, I have seen them still continue the fight to save the floating shell. And at last I have seen them refuse to be taken off by a vessel standing by, and this only in order &#8220;to see the last of our ship,&#8221; at the word, at the simple word of a man who commanded them, a worthy soul indeed but of no heroic aspect. I have seen that. I have shared their days in small boats.
</p>
</blockquote>
</div>